this is relating to the time machine
hello the question is what is the
significance of the brilliant and a red
heavy day only
I have something to hold thank you very
much so it's nice to have a prop you
know okay so the time machine if
directly answering that question the two
color multicolor LED that's because
there's a modern mode and there's a
vintage mode the modern mode is what you
would expect in other words when you set
a repeat in the modern mode what you
play into it comes back exactly sounding
exactly the way that you played into it
so it's full fidelity
there's no overt steam compression or
saturation that we're trying to emulate
it's pretty much going to whack you
right in the face just the way that you
played it and then when you switch to
the vintage mode a really unique
simulation of tape saturation kicks in
and this is to simulate it to give you
the feel of playing into an old Echoplex
Allah and we used a very old grey beat
up a complex that I've had for years
used it on many records and
it had two features number one it had a
really beautiful tape saturation sound
that would just make everything that
came back in the delay sound beautiful
it also had this one problem which is
the the roller of the capstan was just
so trashed that it completely changed
the pitch just about every two seconds
so it was pretty barb Lee sounding and a
lot of times we had to keep reprinting
him when we were using it for a record
but every once in a while it would
wobble just the right amount and that's
what we simulated in the vintage mode so
there's a very slight pitch fluctuation
that you'll hear coming out of here when
when you engage the vintage mode in
addition to that there's an EQ switch on
the top as well - della tea means
everything you put into it is coming
right back out and then when you switch
the low fly to work you're going to get
the cut starting at about 6 K on the low
side rolling off starting at about 60
Hertz this is really good for creating
what I would call more ambience from
your delay pedal if you're not looking
for actual repeats but you're really
looking for something that's just more
like repeats delays almost more
functioning more as a reverb in a way
and whether you use it with a fast
setting or a very slow setting this
keeps the delay always sort of behind
your original signal it is mainly
because the combination of the the tape
saturation and that equalization always
puts it in the background never gets in
the way of the risk that you're playing
very very functional but using it on
tour and use it on the new chicken could
record is it's a great pedal get up to I
think
fifty two hundred fifty eight hundred
milliseconds something like that with
the tap function so if you really like
those ultra long delays I don't think
I've ever used
five thousand milliseconds or anything
but you've got it if you want